I forgive a pope I'm 14 years old and
when I was 13 I convinced one of the
largest toy companies toy makers in the
world Hasbro to change the way that they
marketed one of their most best-selling
products so let me to tell you about it
so I'm a brother Gavin when this whole
shebang happened he was four he loved to
cook he was always getting ingredients
out of the fridge and mixing them into
these needless to say uneatable
concoctions or making invisible macaroni
and cheese he wanted to be a chef really
badly and so what better gift for
someone who for a kid who wanted to be a
chef than an easy-bake oven right I mean
we all had those when we were little and
he wanted one so badly
but then he started to realize something
in the commercials and on the boxes for
the Easy Bake Ovens Hasbro marketed them
specifically to girls and the way they
did this was they would only feature
girls on the boxes or in the commercials
and there would be flowery prints all
over the ovens and there it would be in
bright pink and purple very gender
specific colors to females right so it
kind of was sending a message the only
girls are supposed to cook boys aren't
and this discouraged my brother a lot he
thought that he wasn't supposed to want
to be a chef that because that was
something that girls did girls cooked
boys didn't or so the message of that
has Burt was sending and this got me
thinking God I wished him his way that I
could change this that I could have my
voice heard by Hasbro so I could ask
them and tell them what they were doing
wrong and asked them to change it and
that got me thinking about a website
that I had learned about a few months
prior called change.org change.org is an
online petition sharing platform where
you can create a petition and share it
across all of these social media
networks through Facebook through
Twitter through YouTube through reddit
through tumblr through whatever you can
think of and so I created a petition
along with the YouTube video that I
added to the petition basically asking
Hasbro to change the way that they
marketed it in featuring boys and their
commercials on the boxes and most of all
creating them and less gender specific
colors
so this petition started to take off
like humongously fast you have no idea I
was getting interviewed by all these
national news outlets and press outlets
and it was amazing and three weeks maybe
three and a half I had 46 thousand
signatures on this petition thank you so
needless to say it was crazy
eventually Hasbro themselves invited me
to their headquarters so they could go
and unveil their new Easy Bake Oven
product to me in black silver and blue
it was literally one of the best moments
of my life I was like Willy Wonka and
the Chocolate Factory that thing was
amazing what I didn't realize at the
time however was that I had become an
activist I could change something that
even as a kid or maybe even especially
as a kid my voice mattered and your
voice matters too I want to let you know
it's not going to be easy and it wasn't
easy for me because I faced a lot of
obstacles people online and sometimes
even in real life were disrespectful to
me and my family and talked about how
the whole thing was a waste of time and
it really discouraged me and actually
I've some examples because what's better
revenge then displaying their idiocy so
let's see from username liquid sword 29
interesting usernames we have here
disgusting liberal moms making their
sons gay liquid sword 29 really really
okay how about from white boys 77 80s
people always need something to female
dog about from jeffrey gutierrez OMG
shut up you just want money and
attention so it was comments like these
that really discouraged me from wanting
to make change in the future because i
thought people don't care people think
it's a waste of time and people are
going to be to spectacle to me and my
family it hurt me and it made me think
what's the point in making change in the
future but then i started to realize
something haters gonna hate
come on stay with me one two three
haters gonna hate
so let your haters hate you know what
and make your change because I know you
can I look out into this crowd and I see
four hundred people who came out because
they wanted to know how they can make a
change and I know that you can and all
of you watching at home can too because
you have so much that you can do and
that you believe in and you can tree it
across all these social media through
Facebook through Twitter through YouTube
through reddit too through tumblr
through whatever else you can think of
and you can make that change you can
take what you believe in and turn it
into a cause and change it and that
spark that you've been hearing about all
day today you can use that spark that
you have within you and turn it into a
fire thank you